


At first, her government, under the administration of the _dogmatists_,
was an absolute _despotism_. But, as the legislative continued to show
traces of the ancient barbaric rule, her empire gradually broke up, and
intestine wars introduced the reign of _anarchy;_ while the _sceptics_,
like nomadic tribes, who hate a permanent habitation and settled mode
of living, attacked from time to time those who had organized
themselves into civil communities. But their number was, very happily,
small; and thus they could not entirely put a stop to the exertions of
those who persisted in raising new edifices, although on no settled or
uniform plan. In recent times the hope dawned upon us of seeing those
disputes settled, and the legitimacy of her claims established by a
kind of _physiology_ of the human understanding—that of the celebrated
Locke. But it was found that—although it was affirmed that this
so-called queen could not refer her descent to any higher source than
that of common experience, a circumstance which necessarily brought
suspicion on her claims—as this _genealogy_ was incorrect, she
persisted in the advancement of her claims to sovereignty. Thus
metaphysics necessarily fell back into the antiquated and rotten
constitution of _dogmatism_, and again became obnoxious to the contempt
from which efforts had been made to save it. At present, as all
methods, according to the general persuasion, have been tried in vain,
there reigns nought but weariness and complete _indifferentism_—the
mother of chaos and night in the scientific world, but at the same time
the source of, or at least the prelude to, the re-creation and
reinstallation of a science, when it has fallen into confusion,
obscurity, and disuse from ill directed effort.

For it is in reality vain to profess _indifference_ in regard to such
inquiries, the object of which cannot be indifferent to humanity.
Besides, these pretended _indifferentists_, however much they may try
to disguise themselves by the assumption of a popular style and by
changes on the language of the schools, unavoidably fall into
metaphysical declarations and propositions, which they profess to
regard with so much contempt. At the same time, this indifference,
which has arisen in the world of science, and which relates to that
kind of knowledge which we should wish to see destroyed the last, is a
phenomenon that well deserves our attention and reflection. It is
plainly not the effect of the levity, but of the matured _judgement_[1]
of the age, which refuses to be any longer entertained with illusory
knowledge, It is, in fact, a call to reason, again to undertake the
most laborious of all tasks—that of self-examination, and to establish
a tribunal, which may secure it in its well-grounded claims, while it
pronounces against all baseless assumptions and pretensions, not in an
arbitrary manner, but according to its own eternal and unchangeable
laws. This tribunal is nothing less than the _Critical Investigation of
Pure Reason_.
